#side-arc

The players find themselves in the town of Canton and the locals at first appear to be incredibly friendly and inviting. In fact they insist that the players join them for a meal. The friendliness soon proves to be something more sinister, though its not quite clear what.

**The meal:** The table is set with huge heaping portions of delicious looking food, from roasted pork to fried potatoes and homemade butter rolls. The players can choose to eat or distrust the food, but the locals are very insistent that they eat with them. The food itself is quite good, but there seems to be a bit of a fly problem, as they relentlessly harass the players. If the players kill any of them, the citizens become quite irate about it, talking about the sanctity of ALL life.

**Charming Hosts:** During the meal, one player will become charmed, you can make them roll or predetermine this before hand. Other players will not know immediately, but you can secretly tell that player to start agreeing with their hosts on everything, and copying their mannerisms. The hosts will talk about how lovely a town Canton is and that they should consider settling here. They offer the players a place to stay for free in the inn, saying its the most comfortable in all of Ma'Dovus

*The Inn:* Just like at dinner, there seems to be a fly problem at the inn as well, but the innkeeper insists they are guests here just like anyone else. Players can try to ask more about the town, but he will insist that its a perfect little town with no problems and he couldnt be happier. In the middle of the night the players will hear a knock on their window and look out to see a woman wearing a scarf over her mouth and nose, she motions for them to let her in. She proceeds to explain that there's something wrong with the town and that it started when the flies came. She says they can protect themselves by wearing a face covering.

Meanwhile, the charmed party member can be told secretly that they must try to seek help and report this wrongdoer. If they succeed, the Innkeeper will bring the mayor and townsfolk and surround them. They ask if their hospitality was not enough, and why they would insult their hosts by conspiring against them. They will bring them to the townhall, and lead them into the cellar to find it has been transformed into some sort of hive. A large hideous many eyed insect will emerge, telling them that if they will not join them, they will provide sustenance for their children. Players will have to fight their way out, the townsfolk create a living barricade around the insect and attack in droves. The charmed party member will turn on them as well.

