#side-arc 

While travelling the party will notice that the terrain has become particularly devoid of life. Any trees or cacti ill be dead and decaying, and not even a bird can be seen in the sky. They will see notice posters: "Doctor Ingvar's Marvelous Medicines and Remedies: The only doctor that pays YOU". "Is your mortal life disappointing and short? Visit Doctor Ingvar for the ultimate cure to all your maladies.". "Looking for investors, no gold required!"

If the players decide to follow the signs, they will eventually find a large well maintained stone tower with a beautifully manicured garden. Doctor Ingvar will come out to greet them excitedly, he is very animated and speaks in large sweeping statements.

After some small talk, he will offer to let them in on his investment opportunity -- 5 years of their life now for the chance at eternal life. He explains that he has invented a technology that can repurpose life energy, and that with enough of it he can cure death itself. Around this time the players will hear banging and scraping from inside the tower, Ingvar surreptitiously closes the door and laughs it off. 

If the players insist on seeing whats inside, they will find a circular room filled with cages, with many living and not so living occupants. On the ground is a large set of complex ruins painted on the floor and a copper column that goes to the floor above. Should the players try to leave, Ingvar will lock them in and insist that they stay for a demonstration. Several large undead creatures will emerge from a cellar door and attempt to restrain the party -- if the party fights back Ingvar will become very angry and tell them they are ruining his demonstration and that they must be more patient. Ingvar sits in a chair that has been attached to the copper column and begins chanting an incantation. All the remaining caged victims suddenly fall dead, and Ingvar begins to grow in size becoming a Hulking Undead Brute. The players must fight him and his undead guard, but to kill him must destroy his machine -- for which they must reach the top floor.