#lore 
The party finds themselves in the land of Ma'Dovus for their own varied reasons, all bound for the capital city of Rhaek Etas. Ma'Dovus was believed to have once been home to the greatest civilization to ever grace the world: The Ghu'un Empire. 

The Ghu'un were master builders and known for their architectural and technological prowess. Their armies had rarely known defeat, and their influence can be seen all across the lands of Gillias. Many believed that their abilities were supernatural and that they had brokered a deal with the gods themselves to give them such power. Whether there is any truth in this may never be known for certain, as in the year 2572 PH nearly the entirety of Ma'Dovus was destroyed by a cataclysmic event known as the Wrath. While the exact source is unknown, a wave of pure energy shattered the lands -- killing nearly all that dwelled within them. It is theorized that the god of Justice himself, Anarius, unleashed the destruction to punish the Ghu'un for encroaching on the territory of the Divine. 

As for the Ghu'un, though not all were killed in the Wrath -- they had many enemies in the North that saw this as an opportunity to invade. With most of their forces, and many of their fortifications destroyed, the remaining Ghu'un surrendered without a fight. Those who were not slaughtered were enslaved and tortured to attempt to extract their knowledge and the source of their power -- though to no avail. The surrender though, did not bring peace, as many invaders sought to take the land for themselves. After nearly a century of war, the factions settled into an uneasy peace, creating the Council of Five. The Council of Five created a pact that guaranteed each faction their own land and free travel through the others, as well as a free trade agreement. 
While certainly this was not an end to all war in the country, many of the factions grew to be quite prosperous over the centuries -- though there was a problem that none of them could grasp: the land had fallen into a drought since the Wrath with no end in sight. Eventually, Ma'Dovus could no longer sustain its own food supply, the overfished seas could not provide enough sustenance for the growing population. This forced them to rely heavily on importing goods and even water from outside the land. The population began to dwindle as fewer and fewer people could afford the cost of the imports and the lack of opportunity.

Today, Ma'Dovus is a largely barren land where most of its citizens dwell within the cities. The only remnants of the once mighty Ghu'un Empire were sand worn ruins littered throughout the land. The Council of Five still survived, but only in name. The five factions: Baerg, Darrowton, Vintoras, Crait, and Monaway, still existed by were ruled by disparate leaders each vying for power. The wealthiest and most powerful were the Baergs, sitting in the great fortress city of Rhaek'Etas. 


Major Plot Points:

- The party has been asked to help break 4 seals to end the eternal drought. These 4 seals are found in sunken temples through the land.
- While breaking these seals do restore water, what the party does not know is that they are also being used to imprison the Demon Lord Haagenti. The 'Ghu'un' that set them on this path were in fact cultists of Haagenti. The Wrath was in fact caused by this imprisonment, the Ghu'un knowingly sacrificed their land and empire to bind him. 
- Meanwhile another Demon Lord, Zegvavizeb, is attempting to invade the material plane using the weakened points in the planar veil. The only thing that has stopped him so far is the opposition of the Archdevil Barbatos, who seeks to keep the souls of mortals for himself and his followers.
- The Baerg forces remain engaged in a war with the Crait and the Darrowton states, but currently have the superior military force. What they don't know is that the Craits believe they have found the source of power for the Ghu'un Empire, and are attempting to summon this 'Old God'. Not only are they wrong about it being the source of power for the Ghu'uns, they have become corrupted by its whispers and will do anything it bids them to.
- A rebel group called the Five Pointed Daggers operate throughout the country, claiming that they want to eradicate the corruption of the Council and restore the wealth of the land to the people. They are well meaning, but naive to the greater issues at hand. 
- The Vintoras have elected to try to ignore the issues at hand, sheltering its citizens from the greater world. Information moving in and out of Vintoras is heavily filtered by their media outlet: The Proclaimers. The Proclaimers will use whatever force is necessary to keep this status quo.
- The Monaways hide in the mountains and live in disparate tribes, they see the other factions as fools and don't wish to aid in their plight.

##### Major Characters:

- Jaeh'Mar: The leader of the 'surviving Ghu'un' tribe. Players meet him in Cervez and he will appear at many major plot intervals. Serious, brooding, and secretly a cultist of the Demon Lord Haagenti, using the players to attempt to break his master free from his bondage.
- Gideon Giron: The brash but reliable caravan leader. Players will start the campaign in his caravan and he can become a indispensable ally or a stalwart enemy depending on the players route. 
- Faenuin: A devil working under the Archdevil Barbatos to attempt to thwart the invasion of the Demon Lord Zegvavizeb. Well she has ulterior motives, her intentions do align with those of the players, and she can be counted on as an ally if they choose to side with her.
- High Prince Va'ren: The merchant prince of Rhaek'Etas and holds the council seat of the Baergs. Emotive and passionate in his speech, the prince is a skilled commander and diplomat. He is suspicious of the players motives, but once convinced -- will offer genuine concern towards the plight the party has brought him. He will be a vital ally in succeeding on their mission, and has many friends and allies throughout Ma'Dovus.
- Marius B. Darrowton the Third: The descendant of the long standing Darrowton line, and leader of the Darrowton faction. A pompous man who proves himself to be little more than a self interested oligarch. That being said, he help can be used if the players find the right motivations.
- Lanei: A member of the Five Pointed Daggers who is keen on recruiting the party after witnessing their prowess in battle. Quick witted and relentless, and overall well meaning. Once she has seen the more pressing issues at hand in Ma'Dovus, she will use her connections in the organization to help the players.
- Vindelux: A devout cleric of Anarius who is determined to find the cause of all the devilry and foul magics that have been plaguing Ma'Dovus. He will offer to join the party as a companion, bringing a small amount of healing and some local knowledge.


##### Act 1:

- The party enters Ma'Dovus as part of a large merchant caravan, but soon finds themself short on water and supplies. The caravan stops in Cervez to try to resupply, but finds that their only source of water has been contested by a group of bandits.
- The bandits are revealed to in fact be Ghu'un survivors, who claim that these people have no claim to their water supply. They do offer an alternative though -- a well powered by Ghu'un magic that could supply the town. The catch is that the well is protected by powerful magic and that the Ghu'un survivors do not know how to unlock it.
- The party lacks the brute force to take back the water supply, but can attempt to unlock the well. They find that it has been infested by cat sized scorpions and is sealed by some sort of lunar magic. If they enter the well, they must combat a Lunar Guardian and if successful will restore water to the town.
- The leader of the Ghu'un will tell them that the land is locked in this drought due to protective measures that their people had taken long ago. If they can break the 4 Seals, they could restore Ma'Dovus to its former glory. 
- While in Cervez the party can also discover that a devil is at work in the town, though she claims to be protecting the people. A rash of arsons have occurred and she believes that there is demonic forces at work. She says that whatever force caused the Wrath, weakened the veil between planes and that the Abyssal plane was trying to exploit this weakness to invade the material plane. She says that she has marked a pentacle under the town to attempt to seal a rift from the Abyssal plane, but someone is undoing her work.
- After leaving Cervez the caravan will resume it's journey to Rhaek'Etas, facing many minor events along the way. There will be one major attack on the caravan 2 days out from Rhaek'Etas, orchestrated by the Five Pointed Daggers to disrupt supplies going into the city. Depending on the outcome, the party will have a chance to meet Lanei here -- either as captives or jailers (the raiding party will surrender if the battle is going poorly).
- Upon reaching Rhaek'Etas, the party will be able to pursue multiple leads regarding the Demon Lords and Archdevils. They will also be summoned by High Prince Va'ren, who is interested in the attack on the caravan and other goings on through the country. 
- Va'ren will give them some tasks through the city, and when complete he offers to help them in their quest. He tells them he may know where the next Seal is, in Crait territory. He offers them an escort to the border, but can't risk sending his men behind enemy lines.

